Migration from CHT 3.x on docker-compose to CHT 4.x on k3s (#1723)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/4.x/_partial_values_explanation.md

---
toc_hide: true
hide_summary: true

> ---
> 
> * `<your-namespace>` (_two occurrences_)
> * `<version>` - 4.x version you're upgrading to
> * `<password>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
> * `<secret>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
> * `<admin_user>` - needs to be the same as used in 3.x - likely `medic`
> * `<uuid>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
> * `<url>` - your DNS goes here (your-dns-address.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

Be sure to update the following values in your YAML file:

* `<your-namespace>` (_two occurrences_)
* `<version>` - 4.x version you're upgrading to
* `<password>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
* `<secret>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
* `<admin_user>` - needs to be the same as used in 3.x - likely `medic`
* `<uuid>` - retrieved from `get-env` call above
* `<url>` - the URL of your production instance goes here (eg `www.example.org`)
* `<path-to-tls>` - path to TLS files on disk
```

Author: I have removed the www and used just example.com.
